An old recording of one of the Pre-Collapse VIC ads:

"Volkov Industrial Conglomerate is the future! Our Corporation is the undisputed market leader in aerospace engineering, and a bleeding-edge innovator in biological, medical and genetic technologies, not to mention a plethora of other fields and industries we involve ourselves in.

Volkov Industrial Conglomerate is already a well-established supplier of agricultural produce, with over 21% of all crops and livestock grown by the Domain being the product of our tireless, innovative work. Meanwhile, we are continuing to go above and beyond in spacecraft assembly, with vessels manufactured using our novel patented Volkov technologies already traversing the interstellar expanse at speeds unmatched by our competitors. Already Volkov Industrial Conglomerate is the go-to choice in the private transport industry for delivering both cargo and passengers with utmost care and comfort, all in the blink of an eye. 

From the food industry and pharmacological research to the bio-terraforming and military services, Volkov Industrial Conglomerate have always strived, and will always strive forwards and beyond, to assist in any way we can the glorious cause of the Domain of Man on our shared journey towards a brighter future for Humanity. 

Volkov Industrial Conglomerate - Make Our Own Future. Make Our Own Paradise."



Volkov Industrial Conglomerate (VIC), also referred to as simply The Conglomerate, is an ambitious and rather aggressive corporate state which ardently promotes the ideas of transhumanism and specializes in heavy industry and bio-genetic technologies, selling its products to all who desire to break free of their natural limits. Having an extremely controversial history and grim reputation and assumed to be destroyed in the wake of the Collapse, VIC suddenly returned to the Sector in c+202 from the previously inaccessible Empyrean star system, which was thought to be irrevertibly lost after its Jump Points violently imploded just a couple of years after the Collapse. Living up to their old ruthless public image, VIC swiftly conquered a small independent colony in their vicinity and informed rest of the Sector of their resurgence. With a society changed beyond recognition, fully adopting genetech which in some cases leaves little to none of what could be seen as "human", VIC are now dead set on spreading their influence by all means to ensure humanity's survival and evolution through genetic modification amidst the ongoing crisis. Even if it requires to reject all that could be considered "humane".


Detailed information excerpted from an essay of a renowned Chicomoztoc's historian Joselyn Frye on VIC's origins, banned from further publishing by COMSEC with unusual haste:
According to the surviving data, the history of VIC goes back to as far as more than 400 years. Founded long before the Collapse by business partners and longtime friends Victor Volkov and Marcus Tellen, the company was initially called “Frontier Dynamics” and focused on supporting colonization effort of the Domain. An important turning point in the history of the growing business was the acquisition of Atagara MedTech, at that time actively engaged in genetic research and human life extension projects. A few months after the merger, Marcus Tellen suddenly left the company on what was reportedly an “ideological disagreement” with the CEO V. Volkov.

Merging and acquiring more and more firms under its wing and renamed to VIC, the corporation soon started working even more closely with the Domain’s higher echelons, receiving hefty financial infusions and juridical privileges in return for merciless suppression of numerous rebellions and providing other services, including medical ones, details of which are still unknown up to this day. During that period, after accusing VIC of mass kidnappings and conduction of illegal human experiments in various fringe sectors, Marcus Tellen was found dead in his own house. According to official statements, the cause of death was suicide, and the investigations against VIC were hastily terminated by the Domain’s officials the next month.

Thanks to the Collapse and prolonged isolation in their headquarter star system due to the so called “Jump Point Accident”, the Conglomerate has surely gone through some radical changes. Nowadays, led by an enigmatic entity referred to as “The Lightbringer”, VIC attempt to both cooperate with similar-sized organizations and stay out of conflicts with the bigger powers of the Sector with the help of bribery and scheming, while at the same time having a disturbing tendency to predate on weaker colonies and factions alike, merging them into the corporate system. Going as far as working with outlaws, criminals and pirates, VIC grow in power with every passing day and do not shun backstabbing their temporary allies as soon as the balance of power turns in the megacorp's favour. Despite their sugar-coated PR statements and attempts to appease potential sources of threat, one thing still stays certain nonetheless – VIC won't allow anyone to stand in what they consider the only true way to the survival of mankind. 