Future lays with The Volkov Industrial Conglomerate! Our enterprise is a definitive leader within the aerospace engineering market, while also being a great contributor to the R&D in the fields of pharmaceutics and genetics, without mentioning the extensive amount of other fields and industries within the Domain we involve ourselves in.

Volkov Industrial Conglomerate is the well-established producer of nourishments, occupying the solid 12% of the interstellar market. Our tireless & innovative work results in top of the line products being available to all citizens of the Domain. 

Spacecraft assembly is the face and glory of the Volkov’s Engineering, every day we go above and beyond to deliver premium vessels to our customers. Equipped with an array of advanced & innovative technologies, patented by the conglomerate, our vessels are already a common sight all across the human space, traversing the void at the lighting speeds completely and utterly outmatching any competitors. We are the choice of many if not the most when it comes to passenger transportation & cargo delivery, paired with the best possible prices and unparalleled delivery time. You know our reputation, we focus greatly on the comfort and safety of our customers and their assets!

From the pharmaceutics, terraforming and bio-engineering to military supplies & services, Volkov Industrial Conglomerate is the number one choice for both quality and quantity at affordable prices. We have always strived, going beyond and forwards, and we sure will continue to do so in assisting the glorious efforts of the Domain in bringing a grand future for all the Mankind! 

Volkov Industrial Conglomerate –  join our team, we are building a better future for all to see! Help us forge our own Eden for all the humanity!







An old recording of one of the Pre-Collapse VIC ads:

"Volkov Industrial Conglomerate is the future! Our Corporation is the undisputed market leader in aerospace engineering, and a bleeding-edge innovator in biological, medical and genetic technologies, not to mention a plethora of other fields and industries we involve ourselves in!

Volkov Industrial Conglomerate is already a well-established supplier of agricultural produce, with over 21% of all crops and livestock grown in the Domain being the product of our tireless, innovative work. Meanwhile, we are continuing to go above and beyond in spacecraft assembly, with vessels manufactured using our novel patented Volkov Industries technologies already traversing the interstellar expanse at speeds unmatched by our competitors. Already Volkov Industrial Conglomerate is the go-to choice in the private transport industry for delivering both cargo and passengers with utmost care and comfort, all in the blink of an eye!

From the pharmaceutics, terraforming and bio-engineering to military supplies & services, Volkov Industrial Conglomerate provides the best solutions for those, who want to break free of their natural limits, as our company have always strived, and will always strive forwards and beyond, to assist in any way we can the glorious cause of the Domain of Man on our shared journey towards a brighter future for Humanity!

Volkov Industrial Conglomerate - New Mankind. New Future. New Paradise."


Detailed information excerpted from an essay of a renowned Chicomoztoc's historian Joselyn Frye on VIC's origins, banned from further publishing by COMSEC with unusual haste:
According to the surviving data, the history of VIC goes back to as far as at least 400 years. Founded by business partners and longtime friends Victor Volkov and Marcus Tellen, the company was initially known as “Frontier Dynamics” and focused on supporting colonization effort of the Human Domain. An important turning point in the history of the growing business was the acquisition of Atagara MedTech, at that time actively engaged in genetic research and human life extension projects. A few months after the merger, Marcus Tellen suddenly left the company on what was reportedly an “ideological disagreement” with the CEO V. Volkov.

Renamed to VIC soon after mr. Tellen's resignation and acquiring other companies with even greater fervor, the corporation soon started working even more closely with the Domain’s higher echelons, receiving hefty financial infusions and juridical privileges in return for merciless suppression of numerous rebellions, contracting with the military and providing personal services, details of which are either unknown up to this day, or too disturbing to describe in this particular essay. During that period, after accusing VIC of mass kidnappings and conduction of illegal human experiments in various fringe sectors, Marcus Tellen was soon found dead in his own house. According to the official statements, the cause of death was suicide, and the investigations against VIC were hastily terminated by the Domain’s officials the next month.

Taking into consideration all the available data about the VIC's controversial past, grim reputation and their current stance, one can clearly see, that after its sudden resurgence in c+202 the Conglomerate presents a growing danger to the established powers of the Core Worlds. With their deranged obsession with non-limited genetic modifications; scheming politics, rampant bribing, possible ties to the current criminal underworld and ruthless predatory actions against smaller factions and weak colonies (the most infamous example being Kalada), it has become crystal clear -  VIC is a threat that should be either put under total control or terminated completely as soon as it is possible.


VIC attempt to both cooperate with similar-sized organizations and stay out of conflicts with the bigger powers of the Sector with the help of bribery and scheming, while at the same time having a disturbing tendency to predate on weaker colonies and factions alike, merging them into the corporate system. Going as far as working with outlaws, criminals and pirates, VIC grow in power with every passing day and do not shun backstabbing their temporary allies as soon as the balance of power turns in the megacorp's favour. Despite their sugar-coated PR statements and attempts to appease potential sources of threat, one thing still stays certain nonetheless – VIC won't allow anyone to stand in what they consider the only true way to the survival of mankind. 